Besides faceting, there's one other way in which
univariate plots can be adapted to display bivariate relationships.
In both histograms and bar charts,
we had the frequency of data points on the vertical axis.
If we instead reported the mean of a second variable,
this would make the plots bivariate in nature.
Sometimes, we may add error bars to the plot to show
the amount of uncertainty we have in the true average.
You might wonder why we would do this for a bar chart when
a box plot takes the same amount of space and reports more statistics.
As an explanatory data visualization,
the adapted bar chart is a more direct and easier to read summary of your findings,
just as the box plot is more direct than the violin plot.
There are also some cases where a violin or
box plot is insufficient for depicting the data.
Let's say that we have some game data recording the type of strategy
used by the first player and whether or not they won the game.
Since the outcomes can only take a value of one or zero,
a box plot are violin plot doesn't make much sense.
Instead, plotting a bar chart with the mean outcome
gives us a quick indication of which strategies are better than others.
Similarly, the adapted histogram acts as a condensed alternative to the scatter plot.
However, it is likely that you will see values encoded not in bars and their heights,
but the position of points on a line.
We will talk about these line plots in the next part of the lesson.